And before you asked me about another friend of
mine who I also love a lot not as much
as you but I also love her a lot I
thought thought no No man no you can't
believe her you can love her and more I
'm not that jealous you yes let's see a little if
you get jealous when I talk to you about her
who Marta's is you asked me
about Marta you told me Hey Marta I don't know
what we're going to talk about Marta today
please I said come on let's touch on
a little bit of Marta stuff I don't know if she's going to be making a
big deal out of it I don't know if she's drawing enough
attention for us to talk about
her but I'm going to try to get something out and
Hey well look there are insinuations
from Marta
on her Instagram account that might
interest us to comment on in fact we're going to
comment on two topics about Marta okay the
first one the first one
Sunday
is that Monday for me
today we're not leaving okay
there are people who would be speculating like
for example here our dear Indian
is not a man's fantasy he's a man I
don't need to put a face to him we don't know I don't
know I don't know I talk to Indian I
talk to Joe like caro  we think we're
talking to an Indian and when I
talk to Joe I think I'm talking
to the Sesame Street man but of
course we really don't know if she's a
woman Wow no maybe a woman can you
imagine I think it's not a flirt I
think it could be
childishness like this typical Marta
to try to get
Antonio David's attention not like Hey
if you consider that what
your friend does is childishness tell her man let's see a
little
adolescent many times she has a little
yesterday not a little teenager Yeah and then it's
done that in case Antonio David hasn't
noticed then she publishes this for you
[Music]
How beautiful
the heart
full of spring this January How
beautiful Hey by the way Alejandro
Bueno
yes with ratche Valdez but yes it's
true that yesterday at the concert he
did Ay they sent us a super chat
Maybe it's the strangest thing they've told you
around here but thanks as I always see
but I always see you but today you are
accompanying me in the process of
labor I can't believe it bike it's a
lie
please play Javi  name the child
javiña marinas
calm down
Hey, yes,
we've been criticized a lot these
days for the Super chat issue So
like the other day I was asking people for
the Chair today I ask people Marina
not to even think about doing a
single super chat just Avicii for two
euros so he can tell us everything that he's
dilated that the child has been born What's his
name How much he weighed and
Congratulations I'm freaking out Javi But the
rest of you don't do any more super chat
because we don't want to offend the people
who have been offended this week okay we
don't want you to feel bad Marina the
truth is I look carefully Javi breathe what were
you saying to Lorena
I think she had to hold my
hand and my heart rate I
confirm that I'm a man the last time I
looked everything was in place Thanks
for clarifying Joe important clarification I
mean we're with the members today but
how do you press Play now after what
just happened well because I've already
done it I have normalized it
and he keeps pressing Play that's
my god Javi de  true that it is
dilating it is dilating but you
are making me more nervous you that you
are going to come out so that he doesn't see us he doesn't
see us in the air the child the child
who is called Javi
[Music]
who is going to heal my broken heart
I love it it
's when this random question
that I just picked out of all the ones that have been
asked to me Uff this question is very
difficult eh I wouldn't know what to tell you I don't have
the answer prepared at all Wait wait
but no
[Music]
that he asks to be the godfather I want to be the
godmother It's not that they were putting me
that I had made a mistake in the title of the
live but what a scandal Marta
ardiesco misses Antonio David with
Marina hernal Mimi has shown another
video tesa Thank you very much love but
don't do it don't do it don't do it super chat
people will get offended please I don't
want to offend let's see Marta what's wrong with you
Marta is intoxicated by memory and sorrow
Well the question Marina What do you do
when you are intoxicated by memory and sorrow
what do you do Ah okay  Well look
how bad
[Music]
Well the same as Marta let's
see yeah let's see well man I suppose that
when nostalgia invades you
one or you let that get in the way two or you
change rearrange your head and you go to the
gym you start doing something else you
start working you stay you force yourself to
do things so that a kiss to everyone
a big kiss don't be bad I'm not bad
Shizuka okay
Sizúcar I'm getting married okay a kiss gorgeous
kiss queen Thank you so much for the
super chat No don't do that man don't
do that because then tomorrow they will
dedicate a whole live to me
because I asked for a chair
little girl don't do that man I don't
like Marina Sorry tell me no because in the end
when you when the memory
and the sorrow intoxicate you there are several ways oh my god
I appear here I don't know but I believe that there are
several ways to focus on it one
keep the positive no and the
negative
redirect your head and
change the memories
that melancholy and such outside two put on
Pablo Alborán okay his lazy and  sink into
that sorrow and start crying in a
ditch as I say Eternally for a
little while and revel in the subject and well
get out what is another way of getting it out and
three
Well I don't know what the third one is
Marta's I suppose Seriously are you going to tell me with
all the shamelessness in the world that you don't
know what the three is
what do you do when you get intoxicated by
memory and sorrow if it gets intoxicated at all
because I don't know Javi I already put on Javier
Oliveira and Marina Hernal at 10:30
on tele salseo but well live
I watch it on delay but well
Hey please what happens on this channel
none is on that kid has to be
called Marino Javi fantasy the super
orders me whatever the kid's name is Javier I
deserve and go with Javier but central
you have seen what you have to see to be
sure of that man but the fact is that he
said it no more or less he said it
well let's see or nearby towns
chessa a kiss queen gorgeous Thank you very much
thank you very much Silvia let's
listen to what Marta answered  look look
Marta we left it with the
frame there as a point Thank you all
thank you all I said it as a joke
eh I said it as a joke I don't want you to
offend people
Cry cry you see cry cry cry
not much A couple of days ago Well I
had a really bad time I got home after the
party and I started to cry and well I talk
a lot with my friends especially who is
here and
Super spontaneous in the story the
moment of the friend is super
spontaneous I think she took the
first question that was thrown out you
know this one I don't know if you have done
this on some occasion right now Hey ask me
questions you get a lot of questions
from subscribers from Followers No now you
have to choose the ones to answer and
no no and she is doing it with Well
I'm going to take this same one at random I'm not
doing something that I really
recommend which is writing my
thoughts in a book So in a
notebook let's go that I have over
here I'm going to show it to you because that
book look
in a notebook that I have down here
right now I usually do the
opposite of what  what they tell me let's go three
salsa Thank you very much Melisú Thank you very much
to all of you who have done that I
smiled for the photo because tomorrow tomorrow because
of this little joke tomorrow you
have those who were offended eh I mean no but
thank you very much Meli a kiss But anyway
I usually write how I feel and the
things I want to improve in my life the
things that have gone wrong in my life and the
truth is that it helps me a lot but
when you're in that phase where you're
intoxicated by memory and sorrow the only thing
you can do is vent and keep
breathing and know that tomorrow it will pass Let's
see maybe me Javi let's see You
maybe are less expressive and less
sentimental when it comes to expressing these
types of things Me maybe in that
sense let's
see obviously the video is not a
coincidence no I wanted to answer this and I
had the friend behind me and I had the
notebook no and such Well yes it's true that
psychologists advise writing yes
Many crimes that type of things as
to become aware no but anyway
Tomorrow it will pass maybe there it lasts a
little longer no tomorrow you say write and
such or such  You cry, you cry, yes it's true
that you take it out and well, it ends up going away,
but well, let's see what we meet
tomorrow. I don't know, it's that every day is a
new story, but you get wet too. I've been
talking about it the whole story. No.
I think it's a story that he
did first, from time to time he tries to get involved.
Look, I'm at a party. Look, I'm
with a friend, I mean, it's very teenage,
like I told you.